[KAKO] To me this feels like
a dodge. I don't think they...
[SORA]
Later, y'all!
Bye, sweetie, you be safe!
[DAICHI]
Whoa. Time got away from me.
[TOKIKO]
You better hurry, too, dear.
[DAICHI]
Yeah.
Huh. Actually. Me, too.
Well, see ya.
Yo! Better pick up
the pace, bro!
[YOTA panting]
Well we got here just in time.
Yeah, and you might even live!
[YOTA]
My body's still on vacation.
[ASHURA] Hmm. I mean I get what
you're talking about, but still.
[KYOKO]
Narukami. Kokuho. Good morning.
[ASHURA]
Good morning!
You're gorgeous
as always, Kyoko!
Good morning.
[PRINCIPAL 10A]
Welcome back, students.
I hope summer break...
[YOTA] My long and eventful
summer finally came to a close,
and that same day,
the countdown to
the end of the
world reached zero.
It hadn't felt like
we were on the clock.
We were having too much fun
to bother thinking about it.
Thanks to Hina.
[YOTA]
We tried with everything we had
to track her down afterwards.
But in the end, we never
found a single lead.
[YOTA]
And then...
The last day came,
and that world ended.
[HIROTO]
Nice to meet you.
Uh, yeah, nice to
meet you, too.
I'm Hiroto Suzuki.
I transferred in as of today.
I'm a year behind you.
Uh, Mom or Dad get a new job?
[HIROTO] Well they're dead,
so let's hope not.
Oh, man. Then I'm sorry
for mentioning that.
No, you're fine.
I'm not too bothered.
[YOTA]
Cool...
So, is there something
I can help you with?
I'm okay, but I was thinking
you look a little bit pale.
[YOTA] Huh? I mean, I haven't
been sleeping too well.
And sleep is an
important thing.
[YOTA] But studying to pass
my exams is important, too.
I'm at a critical
time in my life.
Exams are what's critical?
Come on, there are much
bigger things at stake!
The time is coming.
You'll need that energy.
Yeah. I'm pretty sure it's here.
[HIROTO] I know a really
great study method.
Trust me, I'm actually
pretty smart.
Thanks, but I'm good.
[HIROTO]
Oh well. Feel free to call me
if you happen to
change your mind.
Of course you have
my number already.
[gasps]
[phone ringing]
[YOTA]
Whoa. For real?
Yep! 'Cause I'm
an actual genius
who can do pretty much anything.
[YOTA]
I made a strange new friend.
He walked into our lives
out of nowhere.
From the start, he fit
right in with the three of us.
Especially Izanami,
who finally had someone
as smart as her to talk to.
We spent lots of time together.
[HIROTO] That's right!
He forgets it afterwards,
but yeah, salary is
two yen per century.
Hey, do you have any idea
what they're talking about?
[YOTA] No, but I'm pretty sure
it's not anything we would need
to know for our entrance exams.
Oh, good, 'cause if it is,
I'm never getting into college.
[HIROTO] You two play
basketball, don't you?
Uh‐‐ How could you know that?
Actually, I've never
played before.
Think you could teach me?
Well, what do you say, Yota?
Yeah, I wouldn't mind
the change of pace.
Why not? Sound good, Izanami?
Sure, I don't mind watching.
[HIROTO]
Right. What do I do with this?
C'mon, that's more
basic than the basics!
You throw that ball through that
hoop and then you get points!
And you do what?
[ASHURA chuckles]
We defend the hoop from ya!
Sorry, pal. You're jumpin'
in the deep end.
[YOTA]
Hey, chill, he's new.
He juked me!
What the hell was that, Yota?
Aw, crap!
Basketball seems fun, guys!
That wasn't your first time
playing at all, you hustler!
This is good.
He can keep us in shape!
Okay, dude. Get ready, 'cause
now we're gonna stomp you!
Aw man, that made me hungry.
Perfect. There's a great
burger joint nearby.
That does sound good.
Actually, I was living
overseas for a while,
so I'm kind of over hamburgers.
So this is a homecoming?
Nice, bro!
What would you prefer?
What would you recommend to me?
Huh. Well there's
always takoyaki.
Takoyaki? I've had some of that.
Maybe someplace you've got
a personal connection to?
A connection?
Do I have a
connection somewhere?
[ASHURA]
Hey, what about Jinguji's?
Oh, right, duh.
Do you like ramen?
[KYOKO]
Perfect.
[HIKARI]
How is everyone?
Hi! You're a new face!
Hey! These guys tell me
your shop serves up
some of the best
noodles in town!
[HIKARI]
How nice to hear!
Ah, good lord, this is
like manna from heaven!
The crown of culinary creation!
This pork bears the
radiance of the gods.
Wow, you really can
taste the fallen angel.
[HIKARI giggles]
Glad you like it!
[YOTA]
Life kept going as usual.
But still. I kept up
my search for Hina.
Why don't we play a game that
includes all four of us?
Hey now, don't tell
me you're already
getting bored with
basketball, bro!
I feel like we're leaving
Izanami on the sidelines.
I really don't mind.
You wanna play
a board game, then?
I want something that taxes
the mind and stirs the heart.
A game that'll get me
truly enthralled!
If I knew what game that was,
I would be playing it.
[HIROTO]
Got any ideas, Narukami?
[YOTA]
Hmm...
[KYOKO]
Mahjong, maybe?
Yeah, that could work.
I kind of remember the rules.
Okay, that sounds fine.
Tsumo. Sixteen thousand apiece.
[ASHURA gasps] I didn't even
know it went that high!
It's a dealer yakuman, so...
[YOTA] Fall arrived.
My mock exam results
didn't look promising, and my
chances at getting into my
first‐choice school seemed slim.
I started cram school in hopes
of making one of my backups.
[YOTA]
Hina, where are you?
And suddenly, it was winter.
[ALL]
Merry Christmas!
[YOTA] We needed to ease
some of the tension
before entrance exams,
so we threw a little party
on Christmas night.
‐‐[HIROTO laughs]
‐‐Oh my gosh, are you okay?
[ASHURA gasps]
Are you kidding me?
Sorry, pal, but rent's due.
You're getting crushed out here.
[YOTA]
It was fun.
But even so,
I felt this emptiness.
Was this how it was going to be?
Were we just gonna keep growing
up and move on with our lives?
Would those weeks be
just another chapter
that came and went in time?
Would our month with Hina
fade from our minds?
[SORA] Merry Christmas, y'all.
Want some chicken?
Nice. Thank you.
[HIROTO gasps]
Hey, am I finally getting to
meet the little sister?
They tell me you're
in the film club.
Are you working on
anything right now?
She's been shooting
her own movie! Right?
[HIROTO gasps] I wanna see!
Was anybody in it I'd know?
Well I guess we could watch it
if you want. Should we?
Let's leave that decision
up to Narukami.
[YOTA]
Not right now.
After all, it's still
not done yet.
[ASHURA]
Good point.
When the movie's finished,
we can all watch together!
That's right.
[SORA]
Mm‐hmm! Bet!
[ASHURA]
It's settled. Now game on!
[YOTA]
The new year came.
But for a college‐bound senior
it's just another day
of studying, studying, studying.
Begin!
Feeling good about it?
Could be better, but I'm
thinking I'll just make it.
That's great! What about you?
All hope is gone.
Think I'm gonna head home.
He's been like this
since yesterday.
Gosh, I am so sorry.
This entrance exam thing
seems pretty stressful.
You won't sound so smug about it
when your turn comes next year.
Get ready.
Oh, I'm not taking any.
Huh? If you don't
plan to take the exams,
then why would you enroll here?
Are the entrance exams the only
reason people come here?
College prep is a
major selling point.
Gonna go straight to work?
Nah, I have a job already.
[ASHURA] Then what's the point
of spending the money to come?
Guess you'd call it
life experience.
So what you're saying is,
you're here for the fun?
[HIROTO]
Yeah. It was nice trying out
the normal teenage life.
It's a blessing to know you all,
and I'll remember
these days fondly.
Thanks for being with me.
I enjoyed basketball.
That ramen was delicious.
And mahjong. What a game!
If only we could have all hit up
a summer festival together.
[gasps] And Sora's
movie will be great!
[YOTA] Good. I'm really glad it
was all fun for you as well.
[growls]
You ass!
[gasps]
I've been as on‐the‐nose
as I possibly could!
How are you this dumb?
I'm going back to California.
Hey, hold on!
Just try and think for a second.
Why would I be spending time
talking to someone like you?
Huh. Did I say something
to offend him?
Like what?
Come to think of it,
how did the two of you meet?
Uh... He just walked up
to me in the hall.
[YOTA]
Wait. That's a good point.
We're not in the same grade.
He doesn't plan on
going to college.
He just kinda popped
into our social group
out of nowhere one day.
[gasps]
[KYOKO]
I wonder if he might be...
That's it. He was recreating it.
The things we did with Hina!
[HINA] Um. When the ball
traverses the hoop,
is some blessing granted?
Yea, it is like than unto
from on high! I am enthralled!
Yea. It doth tax the mind
and stir the heart.
But it approach completion.
[YOTA]
He's right. How am I this dumb?
He hath learned of deicide,
and thereby slain
my great protector.
[YOTA]
Please, wait! Stop!
Hiroto Suzuki, it's you.
You killed the god inside Hina!
Yeah, that's right.
Sure took you long enough.
Coulda lost me.
What was the point of making
this whole thing a giant riddle?
I was forbidden by my superiors
to explain anything
to you directly.
In fact, I was
sticking my neck out
to get in touch with you at all.
I want you to know.
I made it possible,
but it wasn't my choice.
Humanity's leaders decided
they didn't want a new god.
I'm still the one who lowered
her defenses for them, though.
I wouldn't blame you
if you hate‐‐
[YOTA]
None of that matters to me,
I wanna know if she's alive!
Hina isn't dead,
but she's much different.
She is not a god.
[gasps]
Please tell me.
Hina's powers of omniscience.
Where'd she get them?
[HIROTO]
Can we talk somewhere else?
[YOTA]
No way.
It's sad. Some of us are dealt
a bad hand when we're born.
[HIROTO]
So what next?
Sorry, "what next"?
[HIROTO] I did mention
this on the day we met,
but I'm a genius, so whatever
you wanna do, we can.
[gasps] You're saying...
I can go... see Hina?
We can if that's
what you really want.
Then let's go!
First you need to realize this.
She won't be the girl you knew.
That said, are you sure
you want to see her?
I'm positive.
[HIROTO]
You didn't even think about it.
I respect that.
But you really should,
'cause this could get painful.
So I'll ask you one more time.
This'll be the one that counts,
and if you change your
answer to "no" here,
it'll be the last you
see of me. Got that?
Okay. Now, do you
wanna see Hina Sato?
Yes. I do.
Heh. All right,
then go get packed.
And keep in mind, it'll be
a long trip. Be prepared.
Hey, Mom? I'm leaving.
And I'll be gone for a while.
Oh! So you've come to this step
on your journey into manhood!
Take care, sweetheart!
[RAITA] I didn't expect to be
playing chauffeur to you two.
We're not old enough to
get licenses, so yeah.
Man, we've driven pretty far.
Yeah, we're practically going
to the ends of the earth.
That makes it sound like
we're either driving
into heaven or hell.
You might not be far off.
I don't get it.
[HIROTO]
Sorry, but it's something
you gotta figure
out for yourself.
[HIROTO]
The big white building there.
[HIROTO] I already snuck
a whole new persona
into their records for you.
You're a research assistant from
a prominent facility overseas.
You'll be authorized to see her
and your identity will
hold up for two weeks.
That's all you get.
Then it's really game over.
[HIROTO] You're expected
to make daily reports.
You can put this authentication
key into any terminal
and use the data I left
on here to fudge your way
through your
paperwork for the day.
Aren't you coming, too?
No, my part in all this is over.
As a genius,
I can do most things,
but there's a big
difference between
"most" and "all," isn't there?
So getting you this far
is all I can do for you.
I see. Thank you.
Plus, more than that,
it's my chance to atone.
[YOTA gasps]
Welp. Time to inform the CEO.
Who's that again?
[HIROTO] Oh yeah, she's kinda
like my adoptive mother.
Although she's a bit of
a hot mess, honestly.
Sometimes I forget
who's raising who, y'know?
Really. Well I'm not sure why,
but I'm glad there's somebody
like that in your life.
Anyway, pass my
thanks on to her.
[HIROTO chuckles]
Sure. Till next time, then.
Take it easy!
Thank you again for
all of your help, Suzuki!
It's Hiroto!
Say "Suzuki" and I'll think
you mean someone else!
Sure. See ya later, Hiroto!
Best of luck!
[HIROTO]
Why's it gotta be so cold?
Well, mission accomplished.
Yeah. I honestly
had fun with this one.
Living an actual teenage life
with school and
friends and stuff.
[RAITA]
Right. I'm glad to hear that.
So, guess I'll be
heading home now.
You can stay if you
feel the inclination.
Nah. I'm getting
off these islands
and back to the
best coast, bay‐bee!
Roger that.
Hold on. What's this?
It almost seems like you'll
be sad to see me go!
Ha. Don't be absurd.
[HIROTO]
Come on, just say it.
[RAITA]
Enough.
[HIROTO]
Not till you admit it!
We got chemistry
and you know it.
[SHIBA]
Huh?
Uh‐‐ Pardon me,
but I believe you were
expecting me sometime today?
Oh.
The clinician who came
to see Hina Sato.
I heard. I'm Shiba.
I'm a visiting
researcher here myself.
A pleasure.
[SHIBA]
This way, please.
You look younger than
I would have expected.
I get that a lot.
[SHIBA]
This is her room.
And remember, be careful
not to startle her.
Got it.
[knocking]
[SHIBA]
Hina, someone's here to see you.
‐‐Hina!
‐‐Please keep your voice down!
She gets very distressed
when something startles her.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Hi, Hina. Are you doing well?
[YOTA] I thought I'd prepared
myself for this. But she's...
Please use a gentle voice.
Hina, do you recognize me?
I'm Yota, remember?
I see you got a haircut.
It's so short now.
Then you two were
acquainted somehow?
Yes.
Her head was shaved bald
when she first arrived.
[YOTA gasps]
Why?
It was standard prep
for cranial surgery.
She's finally back
to a point where
you can recognize her
as a girl on sight.
[SHIBA]
Isn't that right, Hina?
You look so cute now.
That must have been
hard for you, Hina.
But you got through it.
[HINA gasps, screams]
[SHIBA]
It's okay, I'm here.
There's nothing to be
afraid of, sweetheart.
We'll be all right.
There, there.
[YOTA] If I could, I would
like to take her back.
[SHIBA]
Directly?
[YOTA]
Yes.
Credentials verified.
You do have the privilege to
take her out of this facility.
[YOTA]
So it worked. Thanks, Hiroto.
[SHIBA]
However, that's only if
the patient will
leave willingly.
[SHIBA] As you've witnessed, she
suffers an extreme fear of men.
I can't imagine
what sort of trauma
she went through
before she got to us.
That's to say nothing
of undergoing
cranial surgery as a child.
I sincerely believe Hina
would live her best life
here in the care of
our all‐female staff.
[YOTA]
This is...
This is wrong!
They abducted her
off the street.
They shaved her head.
They cut her skull open!
They hurt her and
made her afraid of me!
It's...
It's just too cruel!
[gasps]
No, not you, Hina!
That wasn't at you!
With all due respect, I would
like to end this visit now.
[YOTA]
Yes.
I'm sorry, Hina.
This just can't be real life.
It can't be right.
[YOTA]
She did nothing to deserve this.
She shouldn't have to
go through this.
It shouldn't be happening.
In fact, could play out
the same way for you.
Is this what he
wanted to tell me?
Is this the same heartbreak
he went through back then?
[YOTA] I had assumed
Hina and I were family now.
I came here determined
to leave with her,
and that resolve is just
crumbling under the weight.
She couldn't see "family"
when she looked at me.
I thought she'd
wanna be with me,
like I wanna be with her,
but how can I
still believe that?
Could it be that
giving up on this
would be good for us both?
Was he doing the right thing
by leaving her and moving on?
The people here
can care for her.
Isn't that what's best for her?
I don't know...
what's right anymore.